THE ISSUES I
LIKE TO CALL THE MEETING TO
ORDER AND IS NOW FOUR O'CLOCK
AND WITH THAT I WILL HAVE
KENNEDY DO OUR ROLL CALL OR
THIS AFTERNOON UPON YOUR NAME
BEING CALLED PLEASE ON MUTE AND
SAY YOUR NAME POSITION AND
WHERE YOU ARE COMING FROM
TODAY.
THANK YOU, KENNEDY.
IT IS ONCE AGAIN TO HAVE SOME
PEOPLE COME IN IN SOUND GOOD
.
>> HI EVERYONE.
HELLO.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
COUNCIL MEMBER.
>> YOU HAVE BEEN SO BUSY SO I
APPRECIATE YOU TAKING THE TIME
AND LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING
YOUR UPDATES.
OH OF COURSE HAPPY TO BE HERE.
>> DO YOU WANT ME TO START OR
DID I MISS SOMETHING.
>> NO.
NOW WE'RE ABOUT TO DO A ROLL
CALL BUT WHILE IN A COUPLE
OF PEOPLE I'M GOING TO PULL UP
THE BOOK OK, BUT WHILE WE'RE
WAITING I JUST WANTED TO
MENTION TO VIEWERS THAT THIS
BROADCAST WILL BE LIVE ON C10
CABLE CHANNEL 16 AT CHANNEL
NINETY NINE AND ONLINE AT EIGHT
TO GO EXCUSE ME DOUG AGUAJE
WATCH CTM AND TO SPEAK AT
PUBLIC COMMENT THIS AFTERNOON
YOU CAN CALL TOLL FREE EIGHT
SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE
FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN OR EIGHT
EIGHT EIGHT SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT
ZERO ZERO NINE AND INTERMEETING
AND NINE ONE NINE EIGHT SIX
SEVEN THREE ONE FOUR FIVE FIVE
.
>> OK HERE WE GO TADAMON IS
THAT DAYMAN CHAIRMAN COMING TO
YOU FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> WASHTENAW COUNTY THANK YOU
VICE CHAIR CHELATE THE CRITERIA
KILLER COMING TO YOU FROM
IVANPAH HERE AT OUR WILDSIDE
THANK YOU COMMISSIONER MOSAIC'S
GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
>> COMMISSIONER KATHLEEN
ROSETTE CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
WASHTENAW COUNTY.
>> THANK YOU COMMISSIONER
BASSETT.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYBODY.
ALEX GOSSAGE, COMMISSIONER
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER.
INCOMMODE OH SAMMY COME OVER
HERE.
>> COMMISSIONER CALLING IN FROM
MY PARENTS HOUSE IN COMMERCE
TOWNSHIP, MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
PACKER.
>> I THINK YOUR MUTED HELLO UP
THERE YOU GO.
>> OH, THANK YOU FOR INVITING
ME AND COMING TO ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER.
HI.
LORI BEWES CALLING FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
CHAMBERS.
YES.
LINDA CHAMBERS, COMMISSIONER
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER HAWKINS
COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE,
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON IS ABSENT
AND COUNCIL MEMBER GODSIL I
EVERYONE COUNCIL MEMBER I SHOOK
ZATARAIN CALLING FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> THANK ALL RIGHT.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE
AND THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ON TO
PUBLIC COMMENT.
PLEASE NOTE THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL
DOING PUBLIC COMMENT TODAY YOU
WILL HAVE THREE MINUTES TO
SPEAK AND KENNEDY WILL LET YOU
KNOW WHEN YOUR TIME IS UP.
DO WE HAVE ANY PUBLIC COMMENT
TODAY?
>> KENNEDY AT THIS TIME WE HAVE
NO ONE ON FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
THANK NO ONE ON FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT.
MOVING ON TO THE APPROVAL
OF TODAY'S AGENDA AND THANK YOU
EVERYONE FOR PUTTING WITH THE
LAST MINUTE CHANGES TODAY.
BUT THERE WAS AN UPDATED AGENDA
THAT WAS SENT OUT A LITTLE BIT
AGO.
BUT UNLESS THERE WERE ANY
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS ON THAT
UPDATED AGENDA, IS THERE A
MOTION TO APPROVE TODAY'S
AGENDA?
>> I'LL MOVE YOUR COVERAGE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
IS THERE A SECOND THIS IS
KATHLEEN OUR SECOND OUR MOTION.
>> ALL RIGHT, KATHLEEN, SECONDS
ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TODAY'S AGENDA FOR THE MEETING
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I I
ALL RIGHT.
>> THANK THE MEETING AGENDA HAS
BEEN APPROVED ON WE HAVE THE
APPROVAL OF THE MEETING MINUTES
FROM OUR MEETING ON NOVEMBER
TWENTY FIRST THOSE MEETING
MINUTES HAVE BEEN PLACED IN THE
AGENDA AND ARE ALSO ONLINE AS
WELL.
I WANTED TO KNOW IF ANYBODY HAS
HAD ANY QUESTIONS OR OBJECTIONS
AND IF NOT, THEN I WOULD LIKE
TO KNOW IS THERE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE MEETING MINUTES
FROM NOVEMBER?
I WILL HAVE TO APPROVE THOSE
TWO.
ALL RIGHT.
I CAN SAY THAT ALL ALL IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM NOVEMBER PLEASE ON
MUTE AND SAY ON I I ALL RIGHT.
MEETING MINUTES ARE APPROVED.
NEXT WE MOVE TO THE SPECIAL
PRESENTATION AND PORTION OF OUR
MEETING TODAY.
FIRST UP WE HAVE THE WASHTENAW
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED AND THE ALWAYS
ENTERTAINING KATIE KATIE,
WELCOME.
>> THANKS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HAVING ME
ON.
I HAVE A COUPLE OF THINGS TO
SHARE THAT ARE GOING ON AT THE
LIBRARY RIGHT NOW.
WE'VE GOT SOME UPCOMING EVENTS.
THIS ONE IS NATIVE AMERICAN
DANCE AND CULTURAL PROGRAM WITH
REG PETTIBONE AND THIS IS GOING
TO BE ON SATURDAY, DECEMBER
TWENTY FIRST AT TWO P.M. AT THE
DOWNTOWN LIBRARY AND THIS WILL
ACTUALLY BE IN THE LOBBY WE
HAVE CHAMPION POW WOW DANCER
AND FULL BLOODED NATIVE
AMERICAN FROM THE WHOLE TRUNK
NATION REG PETTIBONE PRESENTING
AN ENGAGING CULTURAL PROGRAM
THAT AMAZES ENTERTAINING AND
EDUCATES AUDIENCES ALONG WITH
HIS WIFE MARKA WHO IS FROM THE
PAIUTE NATION, PETTIBONE DRAWS
ON HIS TRADITIONAL UPBRINGING
UPBRINGING TO PROVIDE THE
AUDIENCE WITH A BETTER
UNDERSTANDING OF TRUE NATIVE
AMERICAN CULTURE THROUGH DANCE
SONG STORIES, AUDIENCE
PARTICIPATION AND A HANDS ON
ARTIFACTS DISPLAY OH WHITE SO
THAT OK, I'M GOING TO KEEP
GOING.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE ALSO HAVING AN EVENT
CALLED ADLE WELCOMES
ENVISIONING A DEMENTIA FRIENDLY
COMMUNITY WITH DEMENTIA
FRIENDLY SALEEN.
THIS IS GOING TO BE ON
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8TH AT ONE
P.M. AT A PITTSFIELD BRANCH.
>> THERE ARE OVER EIGHTEEN
THOUSAND WASHTENAW COUNTY
RESIDENTS DEALING WITH
ALZHEIMER'S OR OTHER DEMENTIA
DISEASES OR SERVING AS THEIR
FAMILY CAREGIVER.
THIS ONE HOUR SESSION WILL
PRESENT INFORMATION ON THE
DIFFICULTIES PERSONS WITH
DEMENTIA ENCOUNTER AND
PRACTICAL EXAMPLES OF HOW
RESIDENTS AND BUSINESSES CAN
MAKE IT LESS DIFFICULT AND MORE
DIGNIFIED FOR PERSONS
WITH
DEMENTIA TO BE PART OF INSTEAD
OF APART FROM THE COMMUNITY.
LEARN ABOUT HOW CITIES LIKE
NEIGHBORING SALEEN HAVE BEEN
NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED AS
DEMENTIA FRIENDLY COMMUNITIES.
SELINE IS ONE OF TWO IN
MICHIGAN.
>> WILL ANN ARBOR BE THE THIRD?
>> ALL RIGHT.
SO W.L. BPD MATERIALS ARE
AVAILABLE TO OUR PATRONS.
YOU CAN GIVE US A CALL TO ORDER
YOUR DIGITAL CARTRIDGES SEVEN
THREE FOUR THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR
TWO TWO FOUR OR YOU CAN ALWAYS
EMAIL US AT ELBY PD AT A
ELSHAUG.
WE'RE HAPPY TO HELP FOLKS SIGN
UP FOR THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO
READING SERVICE BARD TO
DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS OR YOU
CAN VISIT THAT WEBSITE UNLESS
BARDOCK LLC GRV TO FILL OUT THE
APPLICATION AND I'VE GOT A
COUPLE OF NEW TITLES THAT HAVE
JUST BEEN RELEASED ON BAADE.
THIS ONE'S CALLED COULDN'T
HAPPEN TO ME A LIFE CHANGED BY
PARALYSIS AND TRAUMATIC BRAIN
INJURY BY JILL MASON IN TWO
THOUSAND NINE TWENTY SIX YEAR
OLD JILL MASON AND HER
BOYFRIEND ALLEN LU WERE
BICYCLING ALONGSIDE A RURAL OLD
CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY WHEN THEY
WERE HIT BY A DRUNK DRIVER.
ALLEN WAS KILLED INSTANTLY
WHILE JILL SURVIVED.
SEVERAL DAYS LATER JILL WOKE
FROM A COMA TO DISCOVER HERSELF
PARALYZED AND WITH A TRAUMATIC
BRAIN INJURY JUXTAPOSING HER
LIFE BEFORE THE ACCIDENT AND
HER NEW LIFE AFTERWARD, JILL
EXPLORES COMING TO TERMS WITH
HER GRIEF OVER ALLEN'S HER
LIMITED MOBILITY BRAIN FOG AND
FORGING A NEW IDENTITY AS A
SPEAKER AND DISABILITY ADVOCATE
.
AND THERE'S ONE CALLED WORTHY
HOW TO BELIEVE YOU ARE ENOUGH
AND TRANSFORM YOUR LIFE SIMPLES
LIFE CHANGING RESULTS BY JAMIE
KERN LEMA ARE YOU READY TO
UNLEASH YOUR GREATNESS AND
BELIEVE IN THE POWER THAT IS
YOU?
ARE YOU READY TO FINALLY STOP
READING THE LIES THAT YOU'RE
UNLOVABLE, UNQUALIFIED OR NOT
FILL IN THE BLANK ENOUGH?
ARE YOU READY TO TRIUMPH OVER
THE THOUGHTS HOLDING YOU BACK,
DESTROY SELF DOUBT AND TRULY
KNOW AND BELIEVE YOU HAVE WHAT
IT TAKES TO ACCOMPLISH YOUR
GREATEST GOALS AND WILDEST
DREAMS?
IMAGINE WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF
YOU HAD ZERO SELF DOUBT AND
UNSHAKABLE SELF-WORTH?
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU FULLY
BELIEVED IN YOU AND THAT IS ALL
THAT I HAVE FOR YOU TODAY.
>> DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS FOR ME?
YES, GO AHEAD.
>> OH I'M READY FOR ALL THOSE
THINGS LIVE THAT WAY.
WHAT WAS THE NAME OF THAT BOOK
?
>> THERE'S A GREAT AUDIO BOOK
WORTHY CUTTABLE LEAVE YOU ARE
ENOUGH AND TRANSFORM YOUR LIFE
SIMPLE STATS LIFE CHANGING
RESULTS SO OK THANK YOU.
>> I'LL PICK IT UP AT SIX A.M.
.
>> YES THANK YOU SO MUCH AND
THANK YOU TO THE ANN ARBOR
DISTRICT LIBRARY FOR ALL
OF THOSE EVENTS.
I MEAN THE RED PETTIBONE EVENT
DECEMBER TWENTY FIRST TALKING
ABOUT THE NATIVE AMERICANS AND
INFORMATION THERE AND ADA
WELCOMES AND DEFINITELY TALKING
ABOUT, YOU KNOW, DEMENTIA
FRIENDLY COMMUNITIES.
AMAZING.
AND THEN OF COURSE YES.
WORTHY BY JAMIE KERN LIMA AT
SUCH AN AMAZING STORY AS WELL.
SO I HOPE ALL OF US CAN TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF SOME OF THOSE
OFFERINGS AND REALLY APPRECIATE
THAT.
>> THANK YOU, KATIE.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
YOUR OH LARRY.
LET ME TO CATCH UP I WAS
EXCITED TO SEE THE NATIVE
AMERICANS SECOND PART NATIVE
AMERICAN.
>> I PLAYED MY NATIVE FLUTE ALL
SO HIGH TECH I MAY COME DOWN
THERE SIMPLE.
YEAH.
COME CHECK IT OUT.
I THINK IT'S GOING TO BE REALLY
INTERESTING SO BE A GOOD AT
THAT.
>> YEAH, I'M EXCITED FOR THAT
AS WELL.
THANK YOU.
ARE ALL THESE EVENTS LISTED ON
YOUR WEBSITE AS WELL KATIE THEY
ARE YEAH.
>> YOU CAN ON OUR WEBSITE ADL
DOUG AND AT THE TOP OF THE PAGE
THERE IS A LINK TO GO RIGHT TO
OUR EVENTS CALENDAR.
THANK YOU.
YOU'LL HAVE A GREAT DAY THANKS
TO YOU TOO.
ALL RIGHT.
WONDERFUL STUFF THERE AT THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND PHYSICALLY DISABLED NEXT WE
HAVE THE DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW MONROE LIVINGSTON
REPORT WITH ANDREA HENDRICKX.
>> ANDREA, GOOD AFTERNOON AND
AFTERNOON.
NOT NEARLY AS EXCITING OF AN
UPDATE BUT WANTED TO LET FOLKS
KNOW THAT IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
PROGRAMS AND SERVICES AT
DISABILITY NETWORK THAT OUR
OFFICES ARE GOING TO BE CLOSED
FROM MONDAY DECEMBER TWENTY
THIRD THROUGH FRIDAY, JANUARY
3RD.
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE AND WE'LL BE
BACK OPEN ON MONDAY, JANUARY
6TH WITH NEW AND EXCITING
THINGS COMING IN THE NEW YEAR.
IN THE MEANTIME, GO TO YOUR
LOCAL LIBRARY.
SOUNDS LIKE THEY HAVE A LOT
OF GREAT STUFF SO DIDN'T WANT
FOLKS TO LOOK FOR PROGRAMS AND
SERVICES OVER THE NEXT COUPLE
OF WEEKS FROM DISABILITY
NETWORK OR BECHLER FOR A YEAR
AND HOLIDAY BREAK.
>> SO THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO
SHARE TODAY.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, ANDREA AND THANK YOU
TO EVERYONE AT THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW, MONROE,
LIVINGSTON AS WELL FOR ALL
OF THE GREAT RESOURCES AND
PROGRAMMING'S THAT YOU GUYS
OFFER ARE OUR AREA AND THE
SURROUNDING AREAS AS WELL.
NEXT WE MOVE ON TO OUR CITY
COUNCIL UPDATE WITH OUR COUNCIL
LIAISON COUNCIL MEMBER GOZI
EDWIN.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON, COUNCIL
MEMBER.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR
MOVING ME UP AND THE AGENDA MY
SON'S SCHOOL CLOSES EARLY SO
I'M ON MY WAY THERE.
I DO HAVE AN UPDATE A POSITIVE
UPDATE.
THERE WAS SOME COMMUNICATION
ABOUT THE SNOW MET-PRO WHICH IS
A VOLUNTEER BASED PROGRAM THAT
BEGAN ABOUT TWO YEARS AGO TO
HELP PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES
WHO ARE STRUGGLING IN OTHER
WAYS TO CLEAR THEIR SIDEWALK
OF SNOW AND UNFORTUNATELY
INITIALLY THIS YEAR WE
UNFORTUNATELY HEARD FROM THE
CITY THAT SNOW MATCH WILL NOT
RUN RUN AGAIN.
BUT AFTER A RECENT CITY COUNCIL
MEETING AND I RAISE THE CONCERN
ABOUT HOW THIS IS AN ACCESS
ISSUE, TALK TO THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR ABOUT IT AS WELL
.
WE THE CITY IS ABLE TO START
THE PROGRAM UP AGAIN AND I'M
ALSO SIMULTANEOUSLY AWARE THAT
HAVING A VOLUNTEER BASED
PROGRAM THE WAY THIS IS BEING
RUN IS UNSUSTAINABLE FOREVER
AND ALSO ACCESSIBILITY SHOULD
IT BE SOMETHING THAT IS BASED
ON WHETHER OR NOT YOU'RE ABLE
TO GET MATCHED WITH A VOLUNTEER
BASED ON LUCK SHOULD REALLY BE
A GUARANTEED RIGHT.
SO I AM I AM TALKING TO CITY
STAFF ABOUT WHAT COULD BE A
PERMANENT SOLUTION CITY SUCH AS
DETROIT FOR EXAMPLE, HAVE
CONTRACTED WITH A NONPROFIT
THAT ASSISTS WITH SNOW REMOVAL
ON SIDEWALKS.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT WAS CITYWIDE
AND THIS BUT IT'S SOMETHING
THAT COULD POTENTIALLY BE A
MORE PERMANENT SOLUTION.
>> SO I WILL KEEP YOU UPDATED
ON THAT VISIT AND THAT WAS THAT
IS MY UPDATE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, COUNCIL
MEMBER AND YES, PLEASE PLEASE
KEEP US UPDATED ON THAT GREAT
WORK.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
ADVOCATING TO CITY COUNCIL TO
KIND OF GET THE PROGRAM GOING
AGAIN.
AND I JUST WANT TO SAY FOR THE
RECORD THAT I ONE HUNDRED
PERCENT AGREE WITH YOU.
I THINK THE WAY THAT THAT IT
WAS SET UP YOU KNOW, IS JUST
NOT SUSTAINABLE.
AND SO, YOU KNOW, I'D LOVE TO
BE ABLE TO WORK WITH YOU ON
SOME YOU KNOW, DIFFERENT
RESOURCES THAT COULD HELP MAKE
MATCH AND ALSO SNOW BUDDY
CONTINUE TO BE SUSTAINABLE
GOING FORWARD FOR THE CITY
WHETHER THAT'S ENCOMPASSING
STUDENTS AND AND TAKING
ADVANTAGE OF THE FACT THAT THEY
NEED HOURS FOR DIFFERENT
PROJECTS OR DIFFERENT THINGS OR
WHETHER THAT'S AGAIN
INCORPORATING LOCAL NONPROFITS
AS OTHERS HAVE DONE AS YOU
MENTIONED.
SO PLEASE PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
KEEP US IN THE LOOP ON THAT
INITIATIVE.
>> THANK YOU.
GREAT.
THANK YOU.
AND I JUST WANT TO I WANT TO
MENTION ALSO THAT THE CITY
STAFF REALLY WERE TRYING HARD
THIS YEAR TO GET IT UP AND
GOING.
IT WAS REALLY ABOUT A CAPACITY
ISSUE THAT THEY WERE ABLE TO
RESOLVE BUT THERE'S GOOD
INTENTIONS THERE AND I THINK WE
JUST NEED TO CONTINUE BRINGING
THIS TOPIC TO THE FOREFRONT.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANKS SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
NEXT WE HAVE THE PARTNERS
ACCESS SUBCOMMITTEE UPDATE WITH
CHAIR LARRY KEYLA.
>> LARRY, THAT WOULD BE ME AND
WE DID HAVE A MEETING BUT WE
HAD IT WAS COMMISSIONER MOSAIC
ZACHARIE AND WE DIDN'T HAVE
ANYTHING THAT REALLY WAS
CONCERNING US THIS TIME AROUND.
SO WE TALKED ABOUT DOG FOR A
MINUTE AND WE ADJOURNED OUR
MEETING EARLY BUT WE ARE
MEETING AGAIN NEXT MONTH THE
WEEK BEFORE THE COMMISSION
MEETING.
SO IF THEY HAVE ANY CONCERNS
THAT YOU ARE BRINGING TO US
EITHER SHORT THE SECOND
THURSDAY OF NEXT MONTH FIVE OR
YOU CAN EMAIL THEM IN AND WE'LL
ADDRESS THEM.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
THANK YOU TO THE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS COMMITTEE
FOR ALL THAT
YOU DO.
AND YOU KNOW, I HOPE THAT THE
SUBCOMMITTEE CAN STILL BE FULLY
ENGAGED AND WORKING ON YOU
KNOW, MAKING SURE THAT OUR CITY
IS STILL PHYSICALLY ACCESSIBLE
AND AND ALWAYS GOING FORWARD.
>> THANK YOU.
THAT IS OUR INTENT.
AND NEXT WE HAVE THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT REPORT WITH
COMMISSIONER RACHEL HAWKINS.
GOOD AFTERNOON, RACHEL.
>> COMMISSIONER HAWKINS IS NOT
HERE.
OH, PARDON ME.
OK, NEVER MIND.
AND RACHEL, WHEREVER YOU ARE, I
DO APOLOGIZE AND I HOPE THAT
YOU'RE DOING WELL AND STAYING
WARM OUT ON NEXT.
WELL, LARRY, DON'T GO ANYWHERE
BECAUSE WE NEED YOU TO REPORT
ON RECRUITING ACTIVITY,
RECRUITING ACTIVITY.
>> JUST WAITING TO HEAR IF OUR
NEW IF CITY COUNCIL HAS
ACCEPTED OUR NEW POTENTIAL
RECRUIT AND I HAVEN'T HEARD
ANYTHING ABOUT THAT.
SO THAT WOULD BE IT FOR THAT
REPORT.
>> I HAVEN'T HEARD ANYTHING
ABOUT IT.
IS ANYBODY ELSE HEARD ANYTHING
ABOUT THAT ON YET?
I'VE KENNEDY WE'VE I'VE HEARD A
LITTLE BIT OF INFORMATION.
I KNOW THAT THE APPLICATION HAS
SINCE BEEN I'VE GONE TO THE
MAYOR AND WE'RE JUST I BELIEVE
WAITING FOR APPROVAL ON THAT.
>> YEAH.
SO I DID GO TO THE MAYOR AND I
BELIEVE IS NOW BEING PRESENTED
TO CITY COUNCIL.
>> GREAT.
>> OK, WELL THANK YOU.
YEAH.
SO BASICALLY YEAH IT'S UP TO
SORT OF CITY COUNCIL TO YOU
KNOW THEN APPROVE THAT
CANDIDATE AND THEN ONCE ONCE
THAT'S APPROVED THEN WE CAN
OFFICIALLY WELCOME THAT
CANDIDATE IN AND AND YOU KNOW
GET THEM SWORN IN AND THEN KIND
OF INVOLVED IN THE IN THE
MEETINGS.
>> SO AND I WOULD LIKE TO ALSO
JUST NOTE THE MAYOR DID APPROVE
HER APPLICATION.
OH GOT IT.
OK.
OH NICE WONDERFUL.
ALL RIGHTY.
GREAT.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WELL GEE WE HAVE THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE WITH COMMISSIONER LARRY
KEELER LARRY.
>> YEAH, ONE WHO DOES THAT
THING ALL WE ARE IT WAS ON THE
20TH OF LAST MONTH.
WE ALSO HAVE ANOTHER
TRANSPORTATION MEETING THIS
EVENING AT SEVEN AND THERE WAS
A HUGE PRESENTATION.
THERE WASN'T A LOT OF THINGS
THAT WE DID BUT THERE WAS A
HUGE PRESENTATION ON TIERED
DATA INVOLVING BUNCHES OF OF
WAYS TO EVALUATE STREETS AND
INTERSECTIONS FOR VARIOUS
SAFETY FEATURES TAKING INTO
ACCOUNT DATA AND AND USING THAT
DATA WITH OTHER KINDS OF DATA
ON CORRIDOR TRAVEL AND
INTERSECTIONS CIRCULATION AND
THE CIRCULATION STUDY AND THEY
USE THEIR PUTTING ALL THIS DATA
IN TO TRY TO MAKE DECIDE WHAT
TO DO WITH DIFFERENT INTERESTS
ACTIONS AND TO TRY TO MAKE IT A
LITTLE EASIER TO DETERMINE ALL
THAT.
BUT THERE'S A LOT OF DIFFERENT
DATA POINTS THAT GO IN TO TRY
TO EVALUATE AN INTERSECTION FOR
YOU.
NO AUDIBLE TRAFFIC SIGNALS,
JUST SIGNAGE OR YOU KNOW HOW TO
EVALUATE AND TAKE CARE OF THE
INTERSECTION IS A WHOLE LOT
OF DIFFERENT STEPS ARE GOING TO
BE INVOLVED IN DATA COLLECTION
AND THEN THEY DID WE DID STAFF
REPORTS AND THERE WAS A
SIDEWALK.
SIDEWALKS AND STREET PROJECTS
ARE ALL PRETTY MUCH DONE FOR
THE FOR THE WINTER AND IN
TWENTY TWENTY LATER ON AND
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE A LOT OF THE
SIDEWALK PROJECTS ARE GOING TO
BE RESTARTED AND THERE'S GOING
TO BE A WHOLE SLEW OF UPCOMING
ROAD CONSTRUCTION IN THE SPRING
AND THAT WAS IT.
OK, YEAH.
GOT TO LOOK ORANGE BARREL
SEASON I GUESS I'M JUST
KIDDING.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
NO NO IT'S NOT LIKE IT WAS
COMING.
>> NO NO JUST KIDDING GUYS.
I MEAN VERY GRATEFUL TO OUR
CITY FOR DOING THEIR BEST TO
MAKE SURE THAT THE ROADS AND
ALL THOSE THINGS ARE TAKEN CARE
BUT ALSO THAT ADEQUATE CURB
CUTS ARE INSTALLED AS WELL.
SO YEAH.
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR WORK
WITH THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION, LARRY.
WE DO APPRECIATE IT.
UNFORTUNATELY COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON WHO USUALLY GIVES OUR
REPORT FOR THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS IS NOT WITH
US THIS AFTERNOON.
BUT I WAS GOING TO ASK REALLY
QUICKLY IF COMMISSIONER
MOSADDEQ WHO ALSO IS VERY
INVOLVED WITH THE COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS HAD
ANYTHING TO ADD TODAY FOR THAT
PARTICULAR REPORT.
>> COMMISSIONER WALZAK, THANK
YOU.
CHAIR DAMON, I CAN SHARE JUST A
COUPLE OF THINGS.
>> FIRST OF ALL, I WOULD LOVE
TO SHARE THE OPENING QUOTE
OF OUR MEETING.
WE HAVE A QUOTE EVERY MEETING
AND THIS ONE PARTICULARLY SPOKE
TO ME.
IT'S BY JUDY HUMAN AND IT SAYS
WHY DO WE SEE DISABILITY
DIFFERENT FROM ANY OTHER ASPECT
OF BEING HUMAN?
>> JUST A BRILLIANT LITTLE
QUOTE.
BASICALLY OUR MEETING WAS A
YEAR IN REVIEW KIND OF LIKE
WHAT A LOT OF BUSINESSES AND
THINGS DO.
>> SO WE REVIEWED ALL OF THE
BUSINESS THAT WE HANDLED OVER
THE YEAR.
WE AND WE DISCUSSED WHAT WE
WANTED TO SEE IN THE UPCOMING
YEAR AND IT WAS INTERESTING.
TWO OF THE TOPICS THAT I FIND
REALLY FASCINATING IS WE'RE
WANTING TO HEAR MORE
INFORMATION ON EFFORTS IN
MENTAL HEALTH DISABILITIES LIKE
DEPRESSION, PTSD ANXIETY, NEURO
DIVERGENCE ETC. AND WE ARE ALSO
INTERESTED IN HEARING FROM THE
NEWEST ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR
OF STUDENT DISABILITY
ACCOMMODATION SERVICES.
WE HAD A VERY GOOD YEAR AND
WE'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO
STARTING AGAIN IN JANUARY AND
BEGINNING A WHOLE NEW YEAR
OF WORK OUTSTANDING.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
MOSADDEQ FOR THAT REPORT AND I
REALLY DO ENJOY THAT QUOTE BY
JUDY HUMAN.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
SHARING THAT AND I AGREE WITH
YOU WHOLEHEARTEDLY AND THANK
YOU TO YOU AND TO COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON AND EVERYONE IN THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS FOR
WHAT THEY DO AND ADVOCATING TO
MAKE SURE THAT NOT JUST OUR
CITY IN DIFFERENT AREAS BUT
ALSO OUR UNIVERSITY CAMPUS IS
ACCESSIBLE AND THAT EVERYONE IS
REPRESENTED WELL IN THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY.
>> THANK YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT.
TYPICALLY WE WOULD HAVE OUR
ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY REPORT
FROM THE ADA ACCESSIBILITY
COORDINATOR MISS TRACY BYRD.
BUT SHE IS ABSENT TODAY.
KENNEDY JUST DIDN'T KNOW IF
TRACY HAD SENT HER REPORT YOUR
WAY.
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK I HAVE MENTIONED YOU
THAT THERE WAS SHE PROVIDED NO
UPDATE.
>> OK, THAT'S RIGHT.
OK, THANK YOU ALL RIGHT.
AND NEXT WE HAVE THE PERSONNEL
REPORT WITH KENNEDY KENNEDY.
HEY EVERYONE.
SO I'M NOT REALLY MUCH TO
REPORT JUST A COUPLE
OF ANNOUNCEMENTS JUST TO MAKE
EVERYONE AWARE THAT THE CITY
WILL BE CLOSED ON TUESDAY THE
24TH AND WEDNESDAY THE 25TH
THAT IS CHRISTMAS EVE AND
CHRISTMAS DAY AS WELL AS
DECEMBER THIRTY FIRST AND
JANUARY 1ST.
THAT IS NEW YEAR'S EVE AND NEW
YEAR'S DAY.
SO THE CITY WILL BE CLOSED IF
THERE ARE ANY OUTSTANDING
PROJECT TASKS OR THINGS THAT
NEED TO BE DONE BEFORE THE NEW
YEAR'S OUT FOR FREE TO SEND ME
AN EMAIL, LET ME KNOW IF
THERE'S ANYTHING I CAN HELP OR
ASSIST WITH AND I THINK THAT'S
ALL WE GOT THE CALENDARS.
OH, THAT WAS MY LAST THING.
ONE LAST THING ALL THE
CALENDARS INCLUDING THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS CALENDAR
AND OUR COMMISSION CALENDAR
HAVE BEEN UPDATED FOR TWENTY
TWENTY FIVE.
THE LINK THERE AND THE NOTICES
ARE THERE.
SO IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
ABOUT WHEN WE MEET THE CALENDAR
NOTICES ARE INCLUDED IN THE
INVITE AND IF YOU BY CHANCE ARE
NOT RECEIVING ANY NOTICES OR
COMMUNICATION, PLEASE LET ME
KNOW.
I WANT TO MAKE SURE EVERYONE IS
RECEIVING IT SO PLEASE LET ME
KNOW IF YOU ARE NOT OR IF YOU
ARE MISSING ANYTHING.
I BELIEVE EVERYONE IS ON ALL
THE EMAILS INCLUDING THE
CALENDAR INVITES BUT IF YOU ARE
NOT RECEIVING ANYTHING PLEASE
LET ME KNOW AND THAT IS ALL I
HAVE AND I HOPE EVERYONE HAS A
GOOD HOLIDAY AND A WONDERFUL
BREAK AND JUST BE ABLE TO FIND
SOME PEACE AND COMFORT THIS
SEASON.
THAT'S ALL I KENNEDY, THANK YOU
SO MUCH AND WE DO APPRECIATE
ALL OF YOUR WORK AS WELL IN
HELPING TO KEEP OUR COMMISSION
AS WELL AS OTHER COMMISSIONS
RUNNING SMOOTHLY AND DOING
GREAT WORK FOR OUR CITY AND
COMMUNITY.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YEAH, I ECHO YOUR YOUR WORDS
AND HOPE THAT ALL OF US CAN
HAVE A RELAXING HOLIDAY AND
COME INTO THE NEW YEAR WITH
RENEWED ENERGY, WITH RENEWED
ENTHUSIASM AND RENEWED JOY TO
DO GREAT THINGS.
ABSOLUTELY.
NEXT I'D LIKE TO MOVE ON TO THE
CHAIR REPORT.
I
DON'T HAVE VERY, VERY MUCH
FOR YOU GUYS EXCEPT FOR I DID
GET A NOTICE ABOUT A GREAT
EVENT HAPPENING IN MARCH IN
LANSING.
THERE IS GOING TO BE A DAY WITH
THE THE SELF ADVOCATES
OF MICHIGAN TO COME AND SPEAK
AND BE ABLE TO NETWORK WITH
SOME OF OUR STATE LEGISLATORS
IN MARCH IN LANSING AND I HOPE
A LOT OF US ON THE COMMISSION
CAN ATTEND THAT TO TELL THEM
ABOUT THE GREAT WORK THAT WE'RE
DOING IN THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR.
I WILL SEND THAT OUT AHEAD
OF TIME FOR ALL OF OUR
COMMISSION TO POSSIBLY ATTEND
IN LANSING IF WE CAN MAKE IT.
I JUST THINK IT'S NICE TO MEET
AS ONE OF THE COMMISSIONS
ACROSS THE STATE TO BE PRESENT
IN THERE AND BE ABLE TO NETWORK
AND TELL OTHERS ABOUT THE GREAT
WORK THAT WE'RE DOING HERE IN
ANN ARBOR.
SO HOPEFULLY YOU CAN JOIN US
FOR THAT.
ALSO I'M WORKING CLOSELY WITH
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
ADAPTIVE SPORTS AND FITNESS
PROGRAM AND THEY WILL BE HAVING
SOME EVENTS IN THE NEW YEAR
COMING UP.
SO I'LL MAKE SURE TO KEEP ALL
OF US INFORMED ON WHEN THOSE
EVENTS ARE TAKING PLACE SO THAT
WE CAN COME OUT AND CHEER ON
OUR WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL TEAM
ADAPTIVE TRACK AND FIELD AND
ALL THE OTHER SPORTS WITHIN THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN DAFTEST
SPORTS PROGRAM SO THAT WE CAN
BE GREAT SUPPORTERS OF ALL THE
WORK THAT THEY CONTINUE TO DO
THERE AS WELL.
THAT IS ALL THAT I HAVE FOR THE
CHAIR REPORT AT THIS TIME.
I'M MOVING ON KENNEDY DO WE
HAVE ANY OLD BUSINESS CURRENTLY
AT THIS TIME WE HAVE NO OLD
BUSINESS.
IS THERE ANY OLD BUSINESS FROM
THE COMMISSION?
IF SO, PLEASE IDENTIFY YOURSELF
BY RAISING YOUR NAME.
>> OK, NO BUSINESS.
THANK YOU ANY NEW BUSINESS TO
DISCUSS TODAY.
FINALLY RIGHT NOW WE HAVE NO
NEW BUSINESS ON THE AGENDA.
IS THERE ANY NEW BUSINESS FROM
COMMISSIONERS IF YOU'D LIKE TO
BRING UP ANY NEW BUSINESS
PLEASE IDENTIFY YOURSELF BY
RAISING YOUR NEW NO NEW
BUSINESS.
OK, AND FINALLY WE COME TO
COMMUNICATIONS FOR THE GOOD
OF THE COMMISSION.
JUST WANTED TO MAKE A PHONE
QUICK ANNOUNCEMENT YOU GUYS.
MY OLDEST SISTER THIS PAST
WEEKEND SHE DID GRADUATE FROM
EASTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY
WITH A BACHELOR'S IN GENERAL
STUDIES JUST WANTED TO SHOUT
OUT TO AVON SNYDER
CONGRATULATIONS ON FURTHERING
YOUR HIGHER EDUCATION AND WE
WISH YOU ALL THE BEST.
>> ANY OTHER COMMUNICATION
TODAY
?
OK, WELL ZACH OH YES.
>> GO AHEAD, ROB.
OH YEAH.
DID WE WANT TO TALK ANY MORE
ABOUT WE HAD TALKED IN THE PAST
ABOUT MAYBE HAVING A FACEBOOK
OR SOME FORM OF SOCIAL MEDIA OR
WE COULD MAYBE EVEN PUT IT ON
THE AGENDA FOR NEXT TIME AND
ONE WANTED TO VOLUNTEER FOR YOU
KNOW, MOVING FORWARD SOMEHOW ON
EVEN ONE SOCIAL MEDIA SITE.
JUST WONDERING IF THERE'S A WAY
WE COULD MAYBE MOVE THAT
FORWARD JUST EVEN AT ONE STEP.
>> YEAH.
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
AND THAT'S A GREAT POINT, ROB.
COMMISSIONER PACKARD, I
APPRECIATE YOU REMINDING ME
OF THAT AND AND YEAH.
SO COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS AND
VICE CHAIRMAN KEELER AND I DID
MEET AND TALK ABOUT THAT AND
I'VE JUST I'LL BE HONEST WITH
ALL OF YOU JUST BEEN A BIT
BEHIND AND FOLLOWING UP ON
THAT.
BUT COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS, I
DON'T WANT TO SPEAK FOR YOU FOR
THIS PARTICULAR TIME, BUT I
JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE ARE YOU
STILL INTERESTED AND EXCITED TO
KIND OF HELP HELP KEEP THAT
MOVING FORWARD?
YOU KNOW, IN TERMS OF SOCIAL
MEDIA FOR THE COMMISSION?
>> YES, ABSOLUTELY.
YEAH.
I JUST WAS WAITING TO HEAR FROM
YOU ABOUT NEXT STEPS BUT I'M
READY TO GET GOING WHENEVER YOU
GUYS WANT ON WHATEVER PLATFORMS
YOU'RE WANTING TO START ON.
>> WONDERFUL.
OK, SO WITH THAT SAID
COMMISSIONER PACKARD IT IS ON
ME TO TO FOLLOW UP WITH
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS TO GO
FORWARD KIND OF WITH THAT THE
INITIAL DISCUSSION I THINK WAS
TO KIND OF START WITH SOMETHING
LIKE A EXCUSE ME LIKE A
FACEBOOK PAGE AND THEN MAYBE
ALSO LINK IT WITH AN INSTAGRAM
SO THAT IF IF AND WHEN WE DO
HAVE PHOTOS THAT ALL OF US WANT
TO POST, WHETHER IT'S FROM
VISIONS OR WHETHER IT'S FROM
SOME DIFFERENT EVENTS THAT
MAYBE THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS ARE DOING
AND MAYBE WHERE WHERE THEY ARE
SUPPORTING AND ALSO SOME EVENTS
FROM DISABILITY NETWORK
WHATEVER THAT MAY BE ALL OF OUR
COLLEAGUES WE CAN CONTINUE TO
HAPPENINGS ON THOSE PARTICULAR
PLATFORMS SO THAT THE COMMUNITY
IS AWARE.
BUT THEN ALSO, YOU KNOW, IF WE
HAPPEN TO BE THERE MAYBE POST A
PHOTO OF OR TWO OF ALL OF US SO
THAT INDIVIDUAL ARE AWARE
OF WHAT WE'RE DOING AND THEN
WE'RE ALSO THE BOOTS ON THE
GROUND.
COMMISSIONER PACARD, WOULD YOU
LIKE TO BE INVOLVED IN IN THAT
COMMUNICATION WHEN I FOLLOW UP
100 PERCENT, I'D BE GLAD TO.
I THINK THAT'S A GREAT THING.
I LIKE HOW YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
PROMOTING POSITIVE THINGS AS
WELL AS THE ISSUES THAT WE
BRING OUT TO RESOLVE.
SO PLEASE DO AND I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE SOME KIND
OF A VOTE LIKE PROPOSED THAT WE
HAVE A WITH LENOS OBVIOUSLY
SAID SHE WOULD SUPPORT THAT
WHATEVER WE NEED TO VOTE ON.
YEAH.
GLAD TO PROPOSE SOMETHING BUT
YEAH PLEASE KEEP ME INVOLVED.
>> YEAH I THINK OH GO AHEAD
VICE CHAIRMAN.
WELL I WAS GOING TO SAY A
COUPLE OF THINGS I THINK THAT
WE'D VOTE ON I THINK THAT WHEN
IT CAME TO A VOTE WE VOTE ON
WHATEVER THIS SUBCOMMITTEE IS
GOING TO BE CALLED, WHATEVER WE
COME UP WITH WE'LL BRING BACK
TO THE COMMISSION AND SAY HEY,
THIS IS WHAT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE
WE CAN DO AND I THINK WE COULD
VOTE ON IT THEN.
AND I ALSO WAS THINKING THAT WE
COULD ALSO PUT UP BECAUSE THERE
ARE A COUPLE OF TIMES I HAVE
SOME PICTURES I SELL A FEW
YEARS BACK.
IT TURNS OUT IT'S PRIVATE
PROPERTY THAT I SELL ON THAT I
HAD PICTURES OF THIS WALL THAT
ON ONE SIDE YOU STEP OVER A
CURB AND ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU GO
PUT DOWN ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE CURB CURB HIGH ON ONE
SIDE THAT'S OUT OF STEP IT OVER
A CURB GOING INTO A DRIVEWAY
AND I WENT DOWN AND LANDED ON
MY BACK AND MESSED THAT UP FOR
A COUPLE OF WEEKS AND I SENT IN
PICTURES OF THE CITY TO THE
CITY.
BUT YOU COULD ALSO PUT THAT
KIND OF THING ON YOUR WEBSITE
TOO.
>> AND THE FACE WAS THIS THIS
NEEDS TO BE THIS NEEDS TO BE
HELP YOU WHATEVER IT IS.
>> SURE.
SURE.
I THINK THAT'S A GREAT THING TO
DO, LARRY AND I APPRECIATE YOU
BRINGING THAT TO OUR ATTENTION.
SO SO WHAT I'D LIKE TO DO IS
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS VICE
CHAIR KEILLER AND COMMISSIONER
PACKARD AS WELL AS COMMISSIONER
HAWKINS WHO IS NOT PRESENT BUT
I DID GET CONFIRMATION FROM
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS WHO'S THE
CHAIR OF THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE THAT
SOCIAL MEDIA COULD POSSIBLY
FALL UNDER COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
AS WELL SO THAT WE'RE KIND
OF TALKING ABOUT SOME DIFFERENT
THINGS TOGETHER AND IT JUST
DOESN'T FALL ON ONE COMMISSION
TO KIND OF DO EVERYTHING.
SO I DID GET CONFIRMATION FROM
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS, CHAIR
OF THE COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
COMMITTEE THAT THEY WOULD BE
OPEN TO THAT.
SO WITH THAT WE CAN GO AHEAD
AND PUT THE PROPOSAL TO HAVE
COMMISSIONER SOCIAL MEDIA BE A
PART OF COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
AND HAVE THAT BE AN AGENDA ITEM
TO VOTE ON NEXT MEETING.
HOW DOES EVERYONE WHAT DOES
EVERYONE THINK ABOUT IT FOR ME
IF POSSIBLE IF THERE IS ANY
PAGE THAT'S WORKED OUT WHETHER
IT IS FACEBOOK OR INSTAGRAM, A
COIN TOSS TO ME EITHER WAY BUT
I THINK DEFINITELY START WITH
ONE ONLY AND WE COULD ALWAYS
PUT IT OUT IN THE MEANTIME AS
AN EMAIL TO THE WHOLE GROUP.
SO OF SOMETHING I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO LOOK AT BEFOREHAND BUT
I LOVE IT.
>> THANK YOU.
IT SOUNDS GREAT.
I PRETTY MUCH FACEBOOK SO I
DON'T USE THE OTHER STUFF AT
THE MOMENT.
>> GOTCHA.
YEAH I MEAN TO ME IT'S WHATEVER
IS MOST ACCESSIBLE I WANT TO
MAKE SURE THAT YOU KNOW WHAT
WE'RE CREATING AND WHAT WE
DEVELOP IS ALSO AS ACCESSIBLE
AS POSSIBLE FOR OUR USERS.
SO IN TERMS OF ACCESSIBILITY,
WHICH ONE HAS THE BEST
ACCESSIBLE OPTIONS RIGHT NOW
AND OF HOW WE CAN GO FORWARD
WITH THAT SO YEAH, I CAN IF WE
CAN PUT THAT ON ON THE AGENDA
FOR OUR NEXT MEETING, I THINK
THAT WOULD BE GREAT AND THEN WE
CAN KIND OF VOTE ON THAT GOING
FORWARD AND THEN COMMISSIONER
CHAMBERS AS WELL AS
COMMISSIONER PACARD AND
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS AND VICE
CHAIR KEELER I WILL BE IN TOUCH
TO ALL OF US OVER EMAIL TO KIND
OF GO GO FORWARD IN TERMS
OF THE NEXT STEPS WITH THAT AS
WELL.
THUMBS GOOD.
ALSO.
ALL RIGHTY.
ALL RIGHT.
ANYTHING ELSE IN COMMUNICATIONS
BEFORE WE MAKE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN?
RIGHT.
YOU GUYS?
SO WITH THAT, IS THERE A MOTION
TO ADJOURN OUR MEETING AT FOUR
THIRTY NINE TODAY?
>> I WILL.
I'LL GO AHEAD.
I WAS JUST GONNA SAY THIS
KATHLEEN ON A MOTION TO ADJOURN
OK?
AND I IMAGINE HOW YEAH OK.
I IMAGINE OUR VICE CHAIRMAN
WILL SECOND
ALL IN FAVOR
OF ADJOURNING TODAY PLEASE.
>> YOU DIDN'T SAY I I I I THANK
YOU YOU GUYS ARE MEETING IS
ADJOURNED TODAY I REALLY
APPRECIATE ALL OF YOU ALL THE
SACRIFICES THAT YOU GUYS PUT
IN.
THANK TO ALL THE VIEWERS TODAY
AND THANK YOU TO EVERYONE AND
WE WILL SEE YOU AT OUR NEXT
MEETING.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS.
>> YEAH IT'S ALL ABOUT